Autoreply Option:

• i've noticed the templates menu doesn't show up sometimes try disable & renable in advanced settings or switching broswers.

	Gmail Inbox > Settings > Advanced
		
		Enable Templates
		
		Save Changes
		
	Compose a new email:	
		
		Subject: 
		
			Cease and Desist
		
		Body: 
		
			Dear Recruiting Firm,

			I am writing this letter to request that you immediately cease and desist sending emails, calling, and harassing people. Your actions are in violation of both US and EU laws, and any further contact from you will be reported to the appropriate authorities.

			Under the US Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA), it is unlawful to make telemarketing calls using automated dialing equipment or prerecorded messages to residential phone lines without the prior express consent of the called party. Your repeated calls and messages constitute a violation of this law.

			Similarly, under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), individuals have the right to protection of their personal data, including the right to object to the processing of their personal data for direct marketing purposes. Your persistent emails and calls constitute a violation of this law.

			Your actions are not only illegal but also a form of harassment that is causing significant distress to those affected. It is essential that you immediately stop all communication with the individuals concerned.

			Please be aware that we are keeping a record of all communications from you and will report your actions to the relevant authorities, including the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) in the United States and the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) in the European Union.

			We strongly urge you to comply with this request immediately and refrain from any further contact.
			
	Click the 3 dot menu > Templates > Save Draft as Template > New Template > "Cease and Desist"

Filter Setup:    
	
	Gmail Inbox > Settings > Filters and Blocked Addresses

    Click Create New Filter (bottom of this page)

    In the Has The Words field, simply paste this in:

    from:{xoriant.com OR sibitalent.com OR idctechnologies.com OR infojiniconsulting.com OR talentburst.com OR resource-logistics.com OR softpath.net OR arksolutionsinc.com OR aptino.biz OR i5techinc.com OR compuvis.com OR ageatia.us OR gttit.com OR insigmainc.com OR softhq.com OR lenmarit.com OR lancesoft.com OR deegit.com OR selectsourceintl.com OR vdartinc.com OR nlbservices.com OR ostglobal.com OR kpgtech.com OR experis.com OR thoughtwavesoft.com OR axelon.com OR sysmind.com OR ustechsolutions.com OR siriinfo.com OR ustechsolutionsinc.com OR kimblegroup.com OR xiartech.com OR aptask.com OR etalentnetwork.com OR e-solutionsinc.com OR ceipal.com OR atdtechnology.com OR vlinkinfo.com OR globalkpo.com OR pyramidci.com OR softwarepeople.us OR eteaminc.com OR enterprisesolutioninc.com OR wavsols.com OR saxonglobal.com OR rapiditinc.com OR arreglocs.com OR matrixonweb.com OR ceipaljobs.com OR usgrpinc.com OR okayainc.com OR nityo.com OR hlsolutionsusa.com OR systelinc.com or zodiac-solutions.com OR s2ssoft.com OR tanishasystems.com OR nobledesk101@gmail.com OR endocyclictherapeutic.com OR emonics.com OR info-ways.com OR yochana.com OR georgebernard870@gmail.com OR iconma.com OR metasysinc.com OR quantumworld.us OR techdigitalcorp.com OR itechsolutions.com OR joboppforyou.com OR jobopportunityforyou.com OR itechsolutions.com OR sumerusolutions.com OR ohmsysinc.com OR collabera.com OR kinetixhr.com OR randstadusa.com}

    Click Create Filter

    On the next page select the following:
	
		With Autoreply: (because gmail wont autoreply if you delete them)
			Skip the inbox (Archive it)
			Mark as read
			Apply the label (create a new label called recruiter spam or something)
			Send template: Cease and Desist
	
		Without Autoreply:
			Delete It 
			Also Apply filter to XX matching conversions

    Click the big blue Create Filter button and your done.

Recruiters: Did your company make the list? Congratulations. Welcome to my trash.

Original by: u/Elranzer
Updated by: u/sirkratosaurion